[Master] Add regexp type under advance general purpose language features section (#6547)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-language/distinctive-language-features/advanced-general-purpose-language-features.md

In the above code example, **``ch``** is of the ``string:Char`` type. You can also extract the code point of the character by calling the **``toCodePointInt()``** function. This ``string:Char`` subtype is analogous to the XML subtypes like XML elements or text.

## Regular Expressions

> Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, which are represented by the ``RegExp`` built-in type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. You can use the alias ``string`` to create a variable for regular expressions, even though it is defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, represented by the built-in ``RegExp`` type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Additionally, the ``lang.string`` module has a type alias named the same so that one can use either ``regexp:RegExp`` or  ``string:RegExp` to create variables for regular expressions.
```

}
```
In this example, the regular expression pattern includes the `name` parameter interpolated into the pattern. This allows for dynamic patterns that can change based on the input.

### Unicode property escape

Unicode property escapes allow matching characters based on their Unicode properties.  For instance, Unicode property escapes can be used to match emojis, punctuations, letters from specific languages or scripts, etc. 

```ballerina
// '\p' will match the property value.
string:RegExp lowerCaseLetter = re `\p{Ll}`;

// '\P' will match the negation of the property value.
string:RegExp nonDigitChar = re `\P{N}`;

// It is not mandatory to use the property name(`gc`) for General categories.
string:RegExp punctuation = re `\p{gc=P}`;

// Using `sc` to specify the Script property.
string:RegExp latin = re `\p{sc=Latin}`;
```

### Non-capturing groups

Ballerina regex supports non-capturing groups and flags to control the behavior of regular expression patterns. These allow you to group a set of regular expression constructs without capturing the matched text.

```ballerina
string:RegExp nonCapturingGrpPattern = re `(?im-s:hello.+world)`;
```

> In this example, a non-capturing group pattern have multiple flags inside the parentheses. The `i` flag makes the pattern case-insensitive. The `m` flag makes `^` and `$` match the beginning and end of each line. The `s` flag makes the `.` metacharacters match any character including line terminators. The pattern will match strings like `hello\nworld`, `hello world`, and `HELLO \n WORld`.

Author: we should double quote.

In the above code example, **``ch``** is of the ``string:Char`` type. You can also extract the code point of the character by calling the **``toCodePointInt()``** function. This ``string:Char`` subtype is analogous to the XML subtypes like XML elements or text.

> ## Built-in RegExp type

Reviewer: Shall we have the heading as just `Regular Expressions`

Reviewer: @MaryamZi any thoughts on any other alternative section to include this

Reviewer 2: +1 to use "Regular Expressions". I guess we have the freedom of adding it wherever we want here. Even at the very top or maybe before the section on `never`?

Author: Added after the `Char` built-in type section

> Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, which are represented by the ``RegExp`` built-in type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module.

Reviewer: Mention about the type alias in string module here

### Using regexp values

The ``RegExp`` values can be used with the [RegExp](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.regexp) methods (``split``, ``findAll``, ``findAllGroups``, etc.) and with the [string](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string) methods [includesMatch](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string/latest#includesMatch) and [matches](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string/latest#matches).

Two constructs are utilized to provide the output of these lang library functions:
- ``Span``: An object type that functions as a container for substrings.
- ``Group``: A tuple comprising ``Span`` objects where the first member of the tuple always represents the entire match.

```ballerina
string[] names = re `,`.split("Bob,Frank,Will,Jack"); // ["Bob", "Frank", "Will", "Jack"]

int patternCount = re `[bB].tt[a-z]*`.findAll("Butter was bought by Betty but the butter was bitter.").length(); // 4

> string result = re `0+`.replaceAll("10010011", "*"); // 1*1*11

Reviewer: Shall we add a sample that we get a Groups result and how we get Span out of it and prints start,end and substring
